projects/netgrif-components/README.md, before:

# Netgrif Application Engine

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.0-rc.7.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project netgrif-application-engine` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project netgrif-application-engine`.
> Note: Don't forget to add `--project netgrif-application-engine` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file. 

## Build

Run `ng build netgrif-application-engine` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build netgrif-application-engine`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/netgrif-application-engine` and run `npm publish`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test netgrif-application-engine` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Rename library @netgrif/application-engine to @netgrif/components-core  - move core library files  - add documentations

projects/netgrif-components/README.md, after:

# Netgrif Application Engine

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.0-rc.7.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project netgrif-components` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module --project netgrif-components`.
> Note: Don't forget to add `--project netgrif-components` or else it will be added to the default project in your `angular.json` file. 

## Build

Run `ng build netgrif-components` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Publishing

After building your library with `ng build netgrif-components`, go to the dist folder `cd dist/netgrif-components` and run `npm publish`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test netgrif-components` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
